Cloudbanks of Blessings: A Supplication to the Oceanlike Assemblies of the Three Roots and Dharma Protectors Namo gurudevaḍākinīgaṇebhyaḥ. Samantabhadra, Vajradhara, Great Glacial Lake of the five families, The twelve illustrious teachers of great renown and so on, Mind transmission lineage of the all-pervasive victorious ones- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Vajrapāṇi, Prahevajra, Mañjuśrīmitra, Śrī Siṃha, Jñānasūtra, the twenty-one learned ones, and so on: Gurus of the mind, space, and secret instruction sections of the symbolic transmission lineage- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! The bodhisattvas of the three families and the five exemplars of their kind, King Jaḥ, Sukhodyotaka, and so on: Hundred-thousand-fold assembly of Anuyoga masters- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Līlāvajra, Buddhaguhya, The ḍākinī Karmeśvarī, the eight vidyādharas, and so on, All great charioteers of the tantra and sādhana sections- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Adepts of esoteric mantra of Kriyā, Upa, and Yoga, And foremost ornaments of Jambudvīpa, along with your wondrous disciples, Supreme lamps illuminating the Buddha's teachings- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Tötreng Tsal, all-pervading lord of the ocean of the three roots, Eight supreme aspects, twelve manifestations, and so on, The wheel of the inconceivable net of the miraculous- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Vimalamitra, Mahāpaṇḍita Bodhisattva, The Dharma kings-father and sons, Vairocana, Tsogyal and so on, Emanated lord and subjects, assemblies of translators and scholars- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! So, Zur, Nub, and Nyang, along with the ocean of treasure revealers, Sovereigns of the Dharma of transmitted scriptures, revealed treasures, and pure vision, Learned accomplished ones throughout the three times, appearing one after another- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Especially the wisdom form, embodied presence of all refuges, Appearing to those to be tamed in the manner of a sublime spiritual friend, Root guru of incomparable kindness- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Vajrasattva, deities of the Great Assemblage and the Magical Net, The nine glorious herukas, the five and three families, and so on, Assemblies of yidam deities of the six classes of tantra- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Pinnacle of the Śākyas, supreme guide of beings in this fortunate eon, Perfect Buddha, guide throughout the ten directions and four times, Limitlessly appearing in emanated forms appropriate for those to be tamed- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Encompassing the truth of cessation and the path, Peaceful, desireless, and uncompounded amṛta- Ocean-like scriptures of the successive nine vehicles- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Ajita, Mañjughoṣa, Vajrapāṇi, Lokeśvara, Samantabhadra and so on-heroic beings of the Mahāyāna, Śrāvakas and pratyekabuddhas-exalted saṅghas all- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! Vīras and yoginīs of the three abodes, Vajra Dharma protectors, wealth deities, and treasure keepers, Ocean-like assemblies of boundless objects of refuge- To you I pray: bestow blessings and accomplishments! I supplicate the precious Triple Gem! Bestow your blessings, assemblies of vidyādhara gurus! Bestow accomplishments, peaceful and wrathful yidam deities! Dispel all obstacles, ḍākinīs and Dharma protectors! Fervently remembering you, from the depths of my heart I bow down and make offerings with one-pointed devotion. With faith I take refuge and pledge myself as your servant. I beseech you: from now on, protect and care for me with your compassion. Having thoroughly purified my being of the two obscurations and their habitual tendencies, Increase my lifespan, merit, splendor, wealth, experiences, realization, and wisdom. Ripening and liberating the beings of those to be tamed throughout space, Bless me to perfect the activities of all buddhas. Grant your blessings that all the non-sectarian holy lamps of the Buddha's teachings May remain firm, turning the wheel of Dharma for hundreds of eons, And that the schools of the saṅgha and the splendor of the teachings of exposition and practice May flourish and spread in all directions. Pacify the decline of the world and the beings of this degenerate age. Naturally increase wellbeing and the wealth of Dharma. Having entered the quintessential doorway of the supreme vehicle, Grant your blessings that all may accomplish the state of the four kāyas. Until that is attained, in all lifetimes May I never be separated from the mind of enlightenment. May I gain mastery of the ocean of bodhisattva deeds. Grant your blessings that I may establish benefit and bliss for myself and others. In short, from now until attaining the mind of enlightenment, May all of you objects of refuge, personifying omniscience and compassion, Ever guide me, bless me, And grant auspiciousness in which the virtuous goodness of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa increases. Emphasizing the tradition of the vajra vehicle of the early translations, this supplication was offered by Khyentse Wangpo, a joyful servant of Guru Padma. Sarva suśreya siddhi bhavatu! 
